MsgBoxes for Crowdloans and Auction pages (#5857)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn/learn-crowdloans.md

slug: ../learn-crowdloans
---

import MessageBox from "../../components/MessageBox"; import "../../components/MessageBox.css";
import RPC from "./../../components/RPC-Connection";

> <MessageBox message="With Agile Coretime, crowdloans are being soon deprecated. For an alternative option to crowdloans see the [Polimec parachain](https://www.polimec.org/)." />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<MessageBox message="Crowdloans will be deprecated right after [Agile Coretime](./learn-agile-coretime.md) is activated on the network. As an alternative for fundraising in a decentralized, transparent, and regulatory compliant manner within the ecosystem, check out the [Polimec parachain](https://www.polimec.org/)." />
```
